docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/how-to/crafting/override-a-plugins-build.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: How to override a Rockcraft plugin's build step with custom commands. Customise the build, stage, and prime phases of any plugin in your rockcraft.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: How to change a part's build with custom behavior. You can override the normal build step in the part's lifecycle to execute arbitrary commands.
```
